README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/5umuPXiD)
# Note-Taking App: Vue Edition

## Directions

For this project, you will build a single-page application using Vue.js that allows a user to keep a list of notes, and to create, edit, and delete notes. Notes are made up of a title, text, and the date/time most recently updated. 

The design of this app is up to you. You're welcome to reuse the design from the previous project, or you can come up with something new. You can also use [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) or another CSS framework if you'd like.

## Getting started

To get started, you will need to clone this repository and install the dependencies using `npm`.

```sh
npm install
```

This application uses [json-server](https://github.com/typicode/json-server) to provide you with an API. It uses a `db.json` file in the root of this project, which you will have to create using the sample file that is included in this repo. To copy the sample file, run the following command:

```sh
cp sample-db.json db.json
```

This application uses two different servers: one for the API, and one for the Vue application, using a build tool called Vite. To start both servers, run the following command:

```sh
npm start
```

This will start `json-server` and the Vite development server. It should open a browser window at the same time. You will need to leave this running while you are working on this application.

The URL for your web application is `http://localhost:5173`.

The URL for your notes API is `http://localhost:3000/notes/`.

### Using Vue

In the main.js file, a new Vue application is created and attached to the DOM. The application's root component is currently called App and is imported from `App.vue`. In App.vue, you'll see a [Single-File Component](https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/sfc.html) with tags for `script`, `template`, and `style`. You are welcome to edit this file or change it in any way you see fit. You can also create new components and import them into App.vue.

Be sure to use the Vue DevTools extension for Chrome or Firefox to inspect your Vue application.

### Using the notes API

To get a list of all notes, make a `GET` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/`.

To add a new note, make a `POST` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/`. You will need to send a body and headers. Your request will look like this:

```js
fetch('http://localhost:3000/notes/', {
  method: 'POST', 
  headers: {"Content-Type": "application/json"}, 
  body: JSON.stringify({ title, body, updatedAt: new Date() })
})
.then(res => res.json())
.then(
  data => console.log(data)
  // or whatever you need to do
)
```

The `headers` attribute lets json-server know you will be sending JSON to it for it to read. The `body` attribute is the JSON you are sending. If you have an object, then you must call `JSON.stringify` with that object.

To **create a new note**, make a `POST` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/` as shown above. Notice that you do not need to include the `id` key, since JSON server will automatically generate an id for you. You will need to include the `title` and `body` keys, and you will need to include the `updatedAt` key with the current date and time. 

You can store the date in date time string format, using the `new Date()` constructor. When you want to display the date in the UI, you can format it then using the [Date object's methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) or, more conveniently, using a library like [Day.js](https://day.js.org/).

To **edit a note**, make a `PATCH` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/:id` where `:id` is the id of the note. This will also require the same headers and body as the above request.

To **delete a note**, make a `DELETE` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/:id`.

## Requirements

Your application should have the following functionality:

1. A user can see a list of their notes displayed on the page
2. A user can add a new note. When they do, their note should be added to the existing list of notes without a page refresh.
3. A user can edit a note they have already created. When they do, their note should be updated in the list of notes without a page refresh.
4. A user can delete an existing note. When a note is deleted, it should automatically be removed from the list of notes without a page refresh.

## 🌶️ Spicy options

- Allow notes to be marked as completed. The UI should indicate a note is completed, and completed notes should be moved to the bottom of the list.
- Create an undo delete feature: once a note is deleted, a user should be able to click a button to undo the delete and restore the note to the list. One way to do this is to modify the delete feature so that a note is never actually destroyed on the server, but instead is marked as deleted. Then, you can add a button to the UI that will restore the note to the list by making a `PATCH` request to the server to mark the note as not deleted.
- Add a "priority" attribute to notes that can flag a note as "high priority". The UI should indicate which notes are high priority.
- Sort notes by date. Notes that have been updated more recently should appear at the top of the list.
- Allow your user to add tags to notes and add a search bar to search by tag.

Commit message:

need to work on edit

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/5umuPXiD)
# Note-Taking App: Vue Edition

## Directions

For this project, you will build a single-page application using Vue.js that allows a user to keep a list of notes, and to create, edit, and delete notes. Notes are made up of a title, text, and the date/time most recently updated. 

The design of this app is up to you. You're welcome to reuse the design from the previous project, or you can come up with something new. You can also use [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) or another CSS framework if you'd like.

## Getting started

To get started, you will need to clone this repository and install the dependencies using `npm`.

```sh
npm install
```

This application uses [json-server](https://github.com/typicode/json-server) to provide you with an API. It uses a `db.json` file in the root of this project, which you will have to create using the sample file that is included in this repo. To copy the sample file, run the following command:

```sh
cp sample-db.json db.json
```

This application uses two different servers: one for the API, and one for the Vue application, using a build tool called Vite. To start both servers, run the following command:

```sh
nm start
```

This will start `json-server` and the Vite development server. It should open a browser window at the same time. You will need to leave this running while you are working on this application.

The URL for your web application is `http://localhost:5173`.

The URL for your notes API is `http://localhost:3000/notes/`.

### Using Vue

In the main.js file, a new Vue application is created and attached to the DOM. The application's root component is currently called App and is imported from `App.vue`. In App.vue, you'll see a [Single-File Component](https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/sfc.html) with tags for `script`, `template`, and `style`. You are welcome to edit this file or change it in any way you see fit. You can also create new components and import them into App.vue.

Be sure to use the Vue DevTools extension for Chrome or Firefox to inspect your Vue application.

### Using the notes API

To get a list of all notes, make a `GET` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/`.

To add a new note, make a `POST` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/`. You will need to send a body and headers. Your request will look like this:

```js
fetch('http://localhost:3000/notes/', {
  method: 'POST', 
  hfetch('http://localhost:3000/notes/', {
  method: 'POST', 
  headers: {"Content-Type": "application/json"}, 
  body: JSON.stringify({ title, body, updatedAt: new Date() })
})
.then(res => res.json())
.then(
  data => console.log(data)
  // or whatever you need to do
)eaders: {"Content-Type": "application/json"}, 
  body: JSON.stringify({ title, body, updatedAt: new Date() })
})
.then(res => res.json())
.then(
  data => console.log(data)
  // or whatever you need to do
)
```

The `headers` attribute lets json-server know you will be sending JSON to it for it to read. The `body` attribute is the JSON you are sending. If you have an object, then you must call `JSON.stringify` with that object.

To **create a new note**, make a `POST` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/` as shown above. Notice that you do not need to include the `id` key, since JSON server will automatically generate an id for you. You will need to include the `title` and `body` keys, and you will need to include the `updatedAt` key with the current date and time. 

You can store the date in date time string format, using the `new Date()` constructor. When you want to display the date in the UI, you can format it then using the [Date object's methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date) or, more conveniently, using a library like [Day.js](https://day.js.org/).

To **edit a note**, make a `PATCH` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/:id` where `:id` is the id of the note. This will also require the same headers and body as the above request.

To **delete a note**, make a `DELETE` request to `http://localhost:3000/notes/:id`.

## Requirements

Your application should have the following functionality:

1. A user can see a list of their notes displayed on the page
2. A user can add a new note. When they do, their note should be added to the existing list of notes without a page refresh.
3. A user can edit a note they have already created. When they do, their note should be updated in the list of notes without a page refresh.
4. A user can dedeletelete an existing note. When a note is deleted, it should automatically be removed from the list of notes without a page refresh.

## 🌶️ Spicy options
delete
- Allow notes to be marked as completed. The UI should indicate a note is completed, and completed notes should be moved to the bottom of the list.
- Create an undo delete feature: once a note is deleted, a user should be able to click a button to undo the delete and restore the note to the list. One way to do this is to modify the delete feature so that a note is never actually destroyed on the server, but instead is marked as deleted. Then, you can add a button to the UI that will restore the note to the list by making a `PATCH` request to the server to mark the note as not deleted.
- Add a "priority" attribute to notes that can flag a note as "high priority". The UI should indicate which notes are high priority.
- Sort notes by date. Notes that have been updated more recently should appear at the top of the list.
- Allow your user to add tags to notes and add a search bar to search by tag.
 Allow notes to be marked as completed.
